---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of March 16, 2026
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of March 16, 2026
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog

exl-id: 690d6277-e1d0-4da1-9f20-dd6535c393c5
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of March 16, 2026

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of March 16, 2026.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Route-level error handling

To make your scenarios simpler to manage, we've added the ability to set error handling on the route level, in addition to on the module level.

Now, you can configure a single error handler on the router to manage errors across all its routes and child modules, making error handling much simpler for complex scenarios.

For more information, see [Error handling](/help/workfront-fusion/create-scenarios/config-error-handling/error-handling.md).

## Assign additional Owners in your organization

To allow multiple users to perform Owner responsibilities in your Fusion organization, we've added the ability to assign additional Owners. 

Assigning additional Owners reduces reliance on a single individual, allowing greater coverage and continuity. Another use case is assigning a Technical Account as an Owner.

Previously, a Fusion organization could have only a single Owner.

For information on organization roles in Fusion, including the Owner role, see [Organization and team roles](/help/workfront-fusion/references/licenses-and-roles/organization-roles.md).

For instructions on assigning roles, including the Owner role, see [View or edit user roles for an organization](/help/workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-orgs-and-teams/manage-users-and-teams/view-or-edit-user-roles.md#view-or-edit-user-roles-for-an-organization) in the article View or edit user roles.
