---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of March 9, 2026
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of March 9, 2026
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of March 9, 2026

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of March 9, 2026.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Log in to Fusion through Adobe IMS

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>**Action Required: Migrate to IMS Login for Adobe Workfront Fusion by April 1.**
>
>To ensure that you will be able to log in after April 15, your Fusion administrator must migrate you to Adobe IMS. Please contact your Fusion administrator to be migrated.

As part of our ongoing security enhancements, Adobe is deprecating the legacy username and password login method for Adobe Workfront Fusion. Effective **April 15**, the legacy login flow **will no longer be supported**.

Going forward, access to Adobe Workfront Fusion will require authentication through the Adobe Identity Management System (IMS) login flow.

The IMS login provides stronger security, centralized user management, and alignment with Adobe's standard enterprise authentication practices.

Your user account will be migrated as part of this transition before April 15. Once migrated, your legacy username/password login **will no longer function**, and you will be required to sign in using IMS.

Please note:

* The legacy username/password login method will stop working on April 15.
* Users **must** use IMS to access Adobe Workfront Fusion going forward.
* Administrators can provision Adobe Workfront Fusion access directly through the Adobe Admin Console.

   For instructions on provisioning access through the Adobe Admin Console, see [Add users to Adobe Workfront Fusion through the Adobe Admin Console](/help/workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-orgs-and-teams/set-up-orgs-teams-and-users/add-fusion-users-admin-console.md).

If you have questions or need assistance with the migration process, please contact your Adobe representative.



## Assign additional Owners in your organization

To allow multiple users to perform Owner responsibilities in your Fusion organization, we've added the ability to assign additional Owners. 

Assigning additional Owners reduces reliance on a single individual, allowing greater coverage and continuity. Another use case is assigning a Technical Account as an Owner.

Previously, a Fusion organization could have only a single Owner.

For information on organization roles in Fusion, including the Owner role, see [Organization and team roles](/help/workfront-fusion/references/licenses-and-roles/organization-roles.md).

For instructions on assigning roles, including the Owner role, see [View or edit user roles for an organization](/help/workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-orgs-and-teams/manage-users-and-teams/view-or-edit-user-roles.md#view-or-edit-user-roles-for-an-organization) in the article View or edit user roles.


