---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of February 16, 2026
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of February 16, 2026
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
exl-id: ce6e9b33-861f-48a9-bc14-1e5312aa4473
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of February 16, 2026

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of February 16, 2026.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Add AI prompts to your scenarios with the new MCP Agent module

You can include an AI prompt in your scenario using Model Context Protocol (MCP) combined with large language models (LLMs). By configuring these in the MCP Agent module, you can use artificial intelligence to set up workflows that are efficient, secure, and flexible.

MCP allows you to use an AI prompt to connect with applications. Because the prompt can account for variations and context, this reduces the need to manually configure some workflows, routes, or scenario sections in Fusion. 

For more information on using AI prompts in Fusion, see [Add an AI prompt to your scenario](/help/workfront-fusion/create-scenarios/add-modules/add-an-ai-prompt-to-your-scenario.md).

For information on configuring the MCP Agent module, see [MCP Agent module](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/tools-and-transformers/model-context-protocol-mcp-connector.md).

## View organization-wide performance metrics on the Fusion Performance Dashboard

To make it easier to understand Fusion performance across your organization, we've created the new Performance Dashboard. Now, Fusion administrators can quickly see which scenarios are running the most, where delays are occurring, and how effectively worker pools are operating. The Performance Dashboard provides real-time visibility into execution volumes, queue depth, pool utilization, and scenario-level performance.

For information about the Fusion Performance Dashboard, see [View the performance dashboard for an organization](/help/workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-orgs-and-teams/set-up-orgs-teams-and-users/view-performance-dashboard.md).
