---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of March 2, 2026
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of March 2, 2026
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: true
exl-id: fee2b12c-8c41-4414-9cc5-da1f6944d0ef
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of March 2, 2026

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of March 2, 2026.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Create custom JavaScript functions to use in scenarios

To provide better flexibility and control of your scenarios, we've added the ability to create a library of custom JavaScript functions that you can then use in scenarios. You can create custom functions in the Functions area of Fusion. You then add these functions to your scenarios in the form of an Adobe App Builder module.

Because custom functions work through Adobe App Builder, your organization must have an Adobe App Builder license to use them.

For more information on using custom functions in Fusion, see [Map data using custom functions](/help/workfront-fusion/create-scenarios/map-data/map-using-custom-functions.md).

## Personal Access Token authorization now available for Airtable connector

To make the Airtable connector more flexible, we've added the ability to use Personal Access Tokens (PATs) for authorization. Now, when creating a connection, you can choose to use OAuth2 or PAT authorization.

For information and instructions, see [Airtable modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/third-party-connectors/airtable-modules.md).
