---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of June 22 2026
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of June 22 2026
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: true
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of June 22 2026

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of June 22 2026.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Create custom JavaScript packages to use in scenarios

To provide better flexibility and control of your scenarios, we've added the ability to create a custom JavaScript packages that you can then use in scenarios. You can create custom packages in the Packages area of Fusion. You then add functions or variables from these packages to your scenarios in the form of an Adobe App Builder module.

Packages include functions, along with any variables or dependencies the functions rely on. You can also test functions in your package before using them in your scenarios

Because custom packages work through Adobe App Builder, your organization must have an Adobe App Builder license to use them.

For more information on using custom functions in Fusion, see [Use custom function packages](/help/workfront-fusion/create-scenarios/map-data/use-custom-function-packages.md).

## Run a custom code block module now available

To add flexibility to Workfront Fusion, we've created the Adobe App Builder > Run a custom code block module. Now, you can enter a custom code block directly into the module, which will run when the scenario executes.

This new module differs from the Adobe App Builder > Run a custom function module in that you configure the code block directly in the module, instead of referencing a function from the Functions area.

Your organization must have Adobe App Builder to use custom code blocks and custom functions in Fusion.

For more information, see [Adobe App Builder modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/adobe-connectors/adobe-app-builder.md).


## View changes between scenario versions

To make it easier to understand changes between scenario versions, we've added the ability to view and compare those changes. Now you can bring up a window that displays specific changes between two selected versions of the same scenario.

For more information, see [View and manage scenario versions](/help/workfront-fusion/manage-scenarios/restore-a-scenario-version.md).