---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of January 12, 2026
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of January 12, 2026
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of January 12, 2026

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of January 12, 2026.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## View a scenario and retry status while execution is processing

You can now view a scenario while the data is still processing. If you open a scenario that is processing, you are no longer redirected away from the scenario. Instead, the scenario displays as dimmed, and only a partial history displays until processing is complete.

In addition, a retry count now displays for scenarios that are retrying processing. The count goes from 1-10, with the retry timer doubling each time it retries. If data is still not available after 5-10 minutes, a prompt to view data later displays.

## Server-to-server connection now available for Workfront Planning connector

We've added the option to create server-to-server connections for your Workfront Planning modules. 

If you already have server-to-server credentials configured for a Workfront connection, you can use those same credentials for a Workfront Planning connection.

For information on the Workfront Planning connector, including how to configure a server-to-server connection, see [Workfront Planning modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/adobe-connectors/workfront-planning-modules.md).
