---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of July 13 2026
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of July 13 2026
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: true
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of July 13 2026

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of July 13 2026.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Onboard your organization to Adobe Identity Management System (IMS)

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>**Action Required: Your Fusion organization and its users must onboard to Adobe Identity Management System (IMS) by October 1, 2026**
>
>To ensure that you will be able to access Fusion organizations after October 1, 2026, your Fusion administrator **must** ensure the following:
>
>* You are added in the Adobe Admin Console to all Fusion organizations that you are expected to access.
>* All Fusion organizations you have access to have been migrated to Adobe's (Identity Management System), or have been provisioned for Adobe IMS. 
>
>If either of these steps is not complete for a given organization, you will not be able to log into that Fusion organization after October 1, 2026.

As part of our ongoing security enhancements, Workfront Fusion is ensuring that all Fusion organizations, as well as all users on that organization, are onboarded to Adobe's Identity Management System. IMS provides stronger security, centralized user management, and alignment with Adobe's standard authentication practices.

This security enhancement has two parts:

* All users that access a given organization must be added to that organization in the Adobe Admin Console. Your Fusion administrator can add you to an organization. For information and instructions on provisioning access through the Adobe Admin Console, see [Add users to Adobe Workfront Fusion through the Adobe Admin Console](/help/workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-workfront-fusion/set-up-and-manage-orgs-and-teams/set-up-orgs-teams-and-users/add-fusion-users-admin-console.md).
* All organizations must be onboarded and provisioned on Adobe (IMS). If your organization uses more than one Fusion instance (Fusion organization), they are handled separately by Adobe IMS and must each be provisioned. If any of your Fusion organizations have not been onboarded to Adobe IMS, your Fusion administrator must contact Adobe Customer Support to provision your Fusion organization. For instructions on contacting Support, see [Contact Customer Support](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront/using/basics/tips-tricks-for-basics/contact-customer-support).

## Restore deleted scenarios

We've added the ability to restore scenarios that have been deleted within the last 7 days. Now, Fusion administrators can restore deleted scenarios from the Team overview page.

For more information, see [Restore deleted scenarios](/help/workfront-fusion/manage-scenarios/restore-deleted-scenario.md).


## Workfront Planning version 2 connector now available.

To take advantage of the expanded capabilities in the Workfront Planning API version 2, we've created a new connector. With the Workfront Planning v2 modules, you can:

* Create, read, update, and delete workspaces, record types. records, and fields.
* Get information such as authorization ID and permissions for a user.
* Request access to a resource, or view pending access requests.
* Make a custom API call to the Workfront Planning v2 API.

For information and instructions, see [Workfront Planning modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/adobe-connectors/workfront-planning-modules.md).

## Use mTLS in custom webhooks

To ensure that webhooks account for more security needs, we've added the ability to use mTLS in custom webhooks. Now, you can enter a client certificate and public key into the webhook, which will use those credentials to connect to the service.

For more information on configuring webhooks, see [Webhooks](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/universal-connectors/webhooks-updated.md).



