---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of April 27, 2026
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of April 27, 2026
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: true
exl-id: 23374b0c-d1a9-4c97-bb8a-f3e3be8a2f1c
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of April 27, 2026

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of April 27, 2026.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## New modules available for Veeva Vault connector

To expand the capabilities of the Veeva Vault connector, we've added the following new modules:

* Extract multiple files
* Retrieve extract results
* Load multiple files
* Retrieve load results
* List items at a path

For information about Veeva Vault modules, including the new modules, see [Veeva Vault modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/third-party-connectors/veeva-vault-modules.md).

## Edit webhooks for Workfront and Workfront Planning

To make it easier to update webhooks for the Workfront and Workfront Planning connectors, we've added the ability to edit existing webhooks. Now, you can update webhooks from the webhook's module or from the Webhooks list.

Previously, updating a webhook required creating a new webhook and assigning it to scenarios manually.

Note that an updated webhook is considered a new event subscription. 

For information about updating webhooks, including considerations about the new event subscription, see [Edit webhooks](/help/workfront-fusion/manage-scenarios/edit-webhooks.md).

## Add a description to a scenario

To make it easier to identify scenarios in the Scenarios area, we've added the ability to add a description. 

Descriptions can be added in the Scenario Settings or in the Scenarios area, and are limited to 240 characters.

For more information on scenario settings, see [Configure scenario settings](/help/workfront-fusion/create-scenarios/config-scenarios-settings/configure-scenario-settings.md).

For more information on actions available in the Scenarios area, see [Manage scenarios from the Scenarios area](/help/workfront-fusion/manage-scenarios/manage-scenarios-from-list.md).

## View execution history for a chain of scenarios

To make it easier to debug or track data through chained scenarios, we've added the ability to see scenario history for the chain. Now, in the Scenario Relationships area, you can view execution history. Clicking on a specific execution will display the data passed between scenarios for that execution.

For more information on chaining scenarios, see [Chain multiple scenarios together](/help/workfront-fusion/create-scenarios/plan-a-scenario/chain-scenarios.md).

For more information about the Chained Scenario Relationships area, see [View and manage chained scenario relationships](/help/workfront-fusion/manage-scenarios/view-chained-scenario-relationships.md).

