---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of January 20, 2025
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of January 20, 2025
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
exl-id: a51680c2-42ae-455b-bf4a-0ed91f3ede17
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of January 20, 2025

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of January 20, 2025.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Update to Figma connection type

Figma has recently changed their authentication process. To meet the new authentication requirements, we've created a new connection type for Figma modules.

For new connections, use the Figma connection type.

The previous connection type now displays a "Legacy" label. We recommend updating your Figma modules to the new connection type as soon as possible.

For instructions, see [Create a connection to Figma](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/third-party-connectors/figma-modules.md#create-a-connection-to-figma) in the article Figma modules.

## Salesforce connector can now use API version 62.0

We've updated the Salesforce connector to use Salesforce API version 62.0 by default. If you don't want to use version 62.0 for your connection, you can specify the API version when configuring the connection.

Previously, The Salesforce connector used API version 46.0 for its connections.

For more information on creating a connection to Salesforce, see [Create a connection to Salesforce](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/third-party-connectors/salesforce-modules.md#create-a-connection-to-salesforce) in the article Salesforce modules.
