---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of May 12, 2025
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of May 12, 2025
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
exl-id: 5f0e023f-42e5-462a-9428-79e3a2f34093
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of May 12, 2025

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of May 12, 2025.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Update to Workfront API

Workfront released a new API on May 5, 2025. Fusion is upgrading the API version of its Workfront modules on the following dates:

EU: May 12
US: May 14
Azure: May 16

## Use certificate authorization when connecting to Microsoft SharePoint

We've created a new connection type for the Microsoft SharePoint connector. Now, you can connect using Microsoft Entra certificate-based authorization.

For instructions on configuring certificate authorization in the  Microsoft SharePoint connector, see [Connect Microsoft SharePoint Online to [!DNL Workfront Fusion] using certificate authorization](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/third-party-connectors/sharepoint-modules.md#connect-microsoft-sharepoint-online-to-workfront-fusion-using-certificate-authorization) in the article Microsoft SharePoint modules.

## New connection type available in Azure DevOps connector

To make it easier to request all scopes when configuring a connection in Azure DevOps, we've created a new type of connection. The Azure DevOps EntraApp connection type includes a toggle that allows you to request all scopes for the connection.

For instructions on configuring certificate authorization in the  Azure DevOps connector, see [Connect [!DNL Azure DevOps] to [!DNL Workfront Fusion]](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/third-party-connectors/azure-dev-ops.md#connect-azure-devops-to-workfront-fusion) in the article Azure DevOps modules.

## New Adobe Photoshop modules

To take advantage of functionality now available in Photoshop, we've created the follwoing Adobe Photoshop modules:

* The Photoshop > Edit text layers module now allows you to configure separate edits to more than one layer. 

   The previous version of this module has been renamed to Edit text layers (Legacy)
* The Photoshop > Replace a Smart Object module now uses the Smart Object v2 API. 

   The previous version of this module has been renamed to ReEplace a Smart Object (Legacy)

For information on configuring Adobe Photoshop modules, including the new modules, see [Adobe Photoshop modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/adobe-connectors/adobe-photoshop-modules.md).

## Updated Adobe Firefly module

To take advantage of functionality now available in Firefly, we've updated the following modules to allow you to select the module version to use:

* Adobe Firefly > Generate an image
* Adobe Firefly > Generate several images.

For information on configuring Adobe Firefly modules, see [Adobe Firefly modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/adobe-connectors/adobe-firefly-modules.md).
