---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of April 14, 2025
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of April 14, 2025
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
exl-id: 26c7a7b4-040a-4508-9fb8-8ac59bf7c0f2
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of April 14, 2025

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of April 14, 2025.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## New Frame.io version 4 connector available

To ensure that you can use the latest functionality in Frame.io, we've created a connector that is compatible with Frame.io version 4. 

The new connector is currently labeled as "Beta" in Fusion. The previous connector (version 3) is now labeled as "Legacy."

With the new connector, you can:

* Create assets, comments, folders, projects, share links, and workspaces
* Retrieve comments and assets, or list of comments, assets, projects, and workspaces
* Make custom calls to the Frame.io API
* And more

For information about the new Frame.io connector, see [Frame.io Beta connector](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/adobe-connectors/frame-io-modules-new.md).

## New variable available in mapping panel: `triggerTimestamp`

To make it easier to see when your scenario execution was triggered, we've added the variable `triggerTimestamp`. You can use this variable to define scenario logic based on the exact actual time that the scenario triggered.

This variable is found in the General section of the mapping panel.

For more information on the General mapping panel, see [General functions](/help/workfront-fusion/references/mapping-panel/functions/general-functions.md).

## Name scenario versions

To make it easier for you to keep track of your scenario versions, we've added the ability to rename them. Now, you can give scenario versions names that describe the changes or other details of the version, making it easier to locate the version you want.

For details on renaming scenarios, see [View and manage scenario versions](/help/workfront-fusion/manage-scenarios/restore-a-scenario-version.md).

## `Between` operator now available in Workfront > Search modules

To make it easier for you to find the information you need, the between operator is now available in the Workfront > Search module. Now, you can configure the module to return records with values in a range, such as tasks for which the Actual Start Date is between two given dates.

Previously, this operator was not available.

For instructions on configuring Workfront modules, including the Workfront > Search module, see [Adobe Workfront modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/adobe-connectors/workfront-modules.md).
