---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of December 2, 2025
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of December 2, 2025
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of December 2, 2025

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of December 2, 2025.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## New variables available in mapping panel

We've added the following new variables to the General functions area of the mapping panel:

* `scenarioID`: the ID of the currently opened scenario
* `operationsConsumed`: the number of operations used at that point in the scenario.

Previously, this information was not available for mapping.

For more an overview of mapping, see [Mapping overview](/help/workfront-fusion/get-started-with-fusion/understand-fusion/mapping-overview.md).

For instructions on mapping, see the articles under [Map data: article index](/help/workfront-fusion/create-scenarios/map-data/map-data-toc.md).

## View event subscriptions associated with a Workfront webhook. 

To make it easier to see information about a Workfront Webhook, we've added event subscription information. Now, you can see information about any Workfront event subscriptions associated with a Workfront webhook.

This information is visible in the Workfront > Watch Events module, as well as the Webhooks area of Fusion.

For information on the Workfront > Watch events module, see [Watch Events](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/adobe-connectors/workfront-modules.md#triggers) in the article Workfront modules.

For information on the Webhooks area, see [Instant triggers (webhooks)](/help/workfront-fusion/references/modules/webhooks-reference.md).

## Search for modules in a scenario

To make it easier to locate a specific module in a scenario, we've added the ability to search the scenario editor. Now, you can search for modules by ID, name, application, or module type. You can then click on the search results to be taken directly to a specific module.

For information on the scenario editor, see [The scenario editor](/help/workfront-fusion/get-started-with-fusion/navigate-fusion/scenario-editor.md).



