---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of March 31, 2025
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of March 31, 2025
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
exl-id: c9b1d9aa-d378-4b1f-9a9e-f9f327ce477c
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of March 31, 2025

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of March 31, 2025.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Updated modules available in Workfront connector

We've updated several Workfront modules to work more smoothly with objects that have custom forms attached. The following new modules have been designed with custom forms in mind, and are replacing the legacy modules:

* Create a record
* Update a record
* Read a record
* Search records

The legacy versions of these modules will be removed from the module selector in May 2025.

The legacy versions of these modules will continue to funtion in existing scenarios as expected, even after they are removed from the module selector.

For information and instructions about the new modules, see [Workfront modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/adobe-connectors/workfront-modules.md).

## Update event subscription version for your Workfront webhooks

Workfront recently released a new version of its event subscription service. The new version is not a change to the Workfront API, but rather a change to the event subscription functionality. You can use the Workfront > Update Events Payload Version updates your event subscription to the new version. 

For instructions, see  see [Workfront modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/adobe-connectors/workfront-modules.md)

For more information on Workfront event subscription versioning, see [Event subscription versioning](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront/using/adobe-workfront-api/event-subscriptions/event-subs-versioning) in the Workfront documentation.
