---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of November 10, 2025
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of November 10, 2025
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of November 10, 2025

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of November 10, 2025.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Chain scenario functionality now available in Beta

To allow more for flexible and modular scenario creation, we've added the ability to chain scenarios together. This allows one scenario to trigger another, returning the data output by the second scenario to the first. By chaining scenarios, you no longer have to duplicate scenario sections in multiple scenarios.

You can call multiple child scenarios from a parent scenario, and you can call a child scenario from multiple parent scenarios. You can also nest child scenarios, calling one from another.

For an overview of chaining scenarios, see [Chain multiple scenarios together](/help/workfront-fusion/create-scenarios/plan-a-scenario/chain-scenarios.md).

For instructions on configuring Chain modules, see [Chain modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/tools-and-transformers/chain-modules.md).

## New Veeva Vault modules now available

To expand the capabilities of the Veeva Vault connector, we've added the following new modules:

* Download a file
* Create a single object record
* Delete a single object record
* Get a single object
* Update a single object record.

For information and instructions for these new modules, see [Veeva Vault modules](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/third-party-connectors/veeva-vault-modules.md).
