---
title: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of January 13, 2025
description: Workfront Fusion release activity Week of January 13, 2025
author: Becky
feature: Product Announcements, Workfront Fusion
recommendations: noDisplay, noCatalog
hidefromtoc: yes
exl-id: 1a9a867a-ed6c-4bcf-97fe-e352853b74e3
---
# Workfront Fusion release activity: Week of January 13, 2025

This page describes all enhancements made in Adobe Workfront Fusion the week of January 13, 2025.

For a list of all recent changes, see [Adobe Workfront Fusion release activity](/help/workfront-fusion/fusion-product-releases/fusion-release-activity.md).

For a list of recent bug fixes in Workfront Fusion, see the [Workfront Maintenance Updates](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/workfront-known-issues/releases/current-updates) page and check for any updates labeled Workfront Fusion Maintenance Update.

## Filter by record types and custom fields in Workfront Planning > Watch Events module

To make it easier for you to trigger scenarios from specific events in Workfront Planning, we've added more options to the event filters. Now, you can filter by record type, or by custom fields.

Previously, only native fields were available in the events filter.

For information and instructions, see [Watch Events](/help/workfront-fusion/references/apps-and-modules/adobe-connectors/workfront-planning-modules.md#watch-events) in the article Workfront Planning Modules.

## Large file processing now available for more connectors

We've updated more connectors in Workfront Fusion to allow processing of files up to 15 GB in size. 

Large file processing is available for the following additional connectors:

* SharePoint > Create a file and SharePoint > Get a file
* Salesforce > Upload File
* AWS S3 > Upload File and AWS S3 > Get File

To use large files in existing scenarios, replace modules that handle files with the newly available modules.

Large file capability is available only to Workfront Ultimate customers, and is a phased rollout. All Fusion organizations with a Workfront Ultimate plan will have large file capability by January 2025.

For more information on large files in Workfront Fusion, see [Working with large files](/help/workfront-fusion/references/scenarios/fusion-large-files.md).


## Updates to data handling

We've made the following updates to data handling:

* The date parser now returns accurate dates for dates before 100 CE. 
* Datastore queries for the name field on documents now exclude documents where the name field contains undefined values or undefined array elements. It returns documents where the name field contains a null value, a null array element, or when the field does not exist. 

   Previously, queries would return documents in with undefined name values or elements.

